Q6.What is the lambda expression of Java 8?
Ans:

A lambda expression in Java is a short block of code that can be used to represent an anonymous 
function. Lambda expressions were introduced in Java 8, and they provide a way to write concise 
and expressive code.

Example of a lambda expression:

(s) -> s.length()

This lambda expression takes a string as input and returns its length. The lambda expression is
enclosed in parentheses, and the body of the lambda expression is a single expression. 
The arrow (->) separates the parameter list from the body of the lambda expression.

Example of a lambda expression:

(s, t) -> s.length() > t.length()

This lambda expression takes two strings as input and returns a boolean value indicating whether 
the first string is longer than the second string. The lambda expression has two parameters, which 
are enclosed in parentheses. The body of the lambda expression is a boolean expression.

Lambda expressions can be used in a variety of places in Java, including:

Stream operations: Lambda expressions can be used to define the operations that are performed on streams.
Event handlers: Lambda expressions can be used to define the event handlers for GUI components.
Functional interfaces: Lambda expressions can be used to implement functional interfaces.
Lambda expressions are a powerful tool that can be used to simplify and improve the readability of Java code.

Benefits of using lambda expressions in Java:

Conciseness: Lambda expressions can be used to write concise and expressive code.
Readability: Lambda expressions can make code more readable by making it easier to understand the intent of the code.
Functional programming: Lambda expressions can be used to write functional code, which can make code more reusable and easier to test.

Syntax rules for lambda expressions in Java:

The parameter list of a lambda expression is enclosed in parentheses.
The body of a lambda expression can be a single expression or a block of statements.
The arrow (->) separates the parameter list from the body of the lambda expression.
The body of a lambda expression can be implicitly typed if the compiler can infer the type of the expression or block of statements.